Hill Range Form Bundle
==========================
This bundle is specifically written for use with Symfony 4. It provided some extensions to some Symfony form types to
provide some sensible default values or basic transformations.


DateType
--------
Extends the standard DateType.
    Defaults:
        format: 'yyyyMMMdd'

EntityType
----------
Extends the standard EntityType.
    ModelTransformer:
        Adds a model transformer to allow an entity identifier (id, unique, integer) to be converted and used by the
        form.  The entity MUST have a getId method.

HiddentEntityType
-----------------
Same as the EntityType above, but implements the standard HiddenType, using required class to granb the entity
identifier.

ImageType
---------
Extends the standard FileType.  It uses an event subscriber to handle the upload and location to store the image.  By
default, the image is stored in the uploads folder under the public directory.  If this folder does not exists, the
upload will create the folder.  You can set the upload folder in your copy of the hillrange_form.yaml file found in the
config/packages folder.

::  hillrange_form:
::      upload_path: 'uploads'

The ImageType adds the following required and default options:
    Required:
        deletePhoto: The route to delete the photo.  This route has a replacement for '__imageDelete__' to allow for
images within a collection. '__imageDelete__' will be replaced with the name provided by the collection.
        fileName: The filename to be stored is defined by a 32 unique_id generated by php.  To allow some human
readablilty the file name replaces leading characters of the unique_id string.  An example using the fileName =
'student_password' will result in a stored file name like student_passport_874454b0b460b1f.jpeg  The extension is taken
from the mimeType of the uploaded file.
    Defaults:
        deleteTarget: '_self'.  The deletePhoto will open this window using window.open.
		deleteParams: 'null'.  A string of parameters for the window as defined on `w3schools.com`_.
.. _w3schools.com: https://www.w3schools.com/jsref/met_win_open.asp
        imageClass: 'null'. A class to be added to the image when displayed in the form.

TextType
--------
Extends the standard TextType and sets compound to false by default.

TimeType
--------
Extends the standard TimeType and sets compound to true and multiple to false.

ToggleType
----------
Extends the standard HiddenType to create a toggle button.

    Defaults:
        compound: false
        required: false
        div_class: 'toggleRight'.  The button is enclosed in a div element.  This class is applied to the enclosing div.
        button_class_off: 'toggle toggle-thumbs-down'
        button_toggle_swap:
            - 'toggle-thumbs-down'
            - 'toggle-thumbs-up'

    Additional styles are toggle-switch-off and toggle-switch-on.

    Using Bootstrap and Glyphicons.
        To use bootstrap with glyphicons replace the toggle class above with btn and glyphicon statements. So:
        button_class_off: 'btn btn-danger halflings halflings-thumbs-down'
        button_toggle_swap:
            - 'btn-danger'
            - 'btn-success'
            - 'halflings-thumbs-down'
            - 'halflings-thumbs-up'

The ToggleType shows a button in lieu of a checkbox. You will need to call the script in your template as well to load
required scripts and styles.
    @HillrangeForm/Toggle/script.html.twig



